I believe my eyes are not wrong.
I believe in you too.
Mr. Chu's talent will not be captured by capital
I do think
Miss Chen, you may have other ideas
Since it is a cooperation
Please also ask Miss Chen to be honest
Because there is an unnecessary gap between us
Mr. Chen is indeed a smart person
You know
The Chinese music scene has gained international fame these years
It's because of the talent of that legendary singer
As a leading producer in the Chinese music scene
His efforts are sure to cause a huge sensation
According to the information I got
This legendary lord
The backbone of the Chinese music scene
The payment will be announced at the scene of the final
Yes I also heard
Chen Tianhao and the others just want to catch up with Meng
This train of the crowned song god
Achieve Jiang Rou's Diva Dream
Did Miss Chen participate in the show?
It is also to rub the heat of the violent song god
No.
I'm a fan of the legendary singer
When the masked singer launched the music scene 5 years ago
I once met him
At that time, I became popular overnight
Everyone thinks it's my gift
But in fact, my hit song
Including all the songs I will create in the future
All my inspiration comes from that legendary singer
So I really want to see him
I want his autographed photo
In addition
This stage was also set up by the legendary singer
Yes, he said.
I want to give every talented person
An opportunity to showcase yourself
So I want to be my idol
Hold the stage of this dream
Then I can't help you.
I don't even know if I can advance today
This lady is not afraid of pressing the wrong king
If you fail, you will not see your dream.
Mr. Chu is very talented
I love that you write songs
I also believe
No one can master the stage of tomorrow's stars
You need to know
Chen Tianhao and the others are in the program team, but they cover the sky with one hand
I'm a must-lose weapon today
You are not afraid
Not afraid, just face it with you
Win or lose, I'm not scared.
I don't know that Mr. Chu is reluctant to show his face
Good notice
Invitation to board
Mr. Chen, they haven't rehearsed yet, won't you?
Ok, I'll notify